ROX-30241: Updates for vm scanning (#106074)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/scanning-vms.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/examine-images-for-vulnerabilities.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="scanning-virtual-machines_{context}"]
= Scanning virtual machines

[role="_abstract"]

You can use {product-title} ({product-title-short}) to scan virtual machine (VM) workloads running on {ocp-virt-first} to identify security vulnerabilities in packages installed on VMs. {product-title-short} creates index reports of installed packages and matches them against known vulnerabilities to provide comprehensive security assessment of VM workloads.

:FeatureName: Vulnerability management in RHACS for virtual machines running on OpenShift Virtualization
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]
:!FeatureName:

{product-title-short} uses the following components to collect, process, and analyze VM package data:

> * `roxagent`: A binary executable that runs inside VMs to scan for installed packages and creates index reports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `roxagent`: A binary executable that runs inside VMs to scan for installed packages, creates index reports and sends them to the relay component
```

* Relay: A component in the Collector daemonset that receives index reports from `roxagent` and forwards them to Sensor
* Sensor: The cluster-level {product-title-short} component that collects data from relay components and sends it to Central

> * Central: The main component that stores virtual machine information and runs vulnerability enrichment, meaning that it adds available detailed security information about vulnerabilities

Reviewer: Do we need to mention "enrichment"? Not sure if that's a well-known term or simply a technical word used at code level.

```suggestion
* Central: The main component that stores virtual machine information and finds vulnerabilities based on the reported packages
```
